new tutorial for find the easy pass of hackthebox challenges. (#63)
rizinorg/book: src/crackmes/hackthebox/find-the-easy-pass/identification.md

# identification

> 
> After to have uncompressed the `Find The Easy Pass.zip`, a file named `EasyPass.exe`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

After un-compressing  the challenge file `Find The Easy Pass.zip`a we can find
a file named `EasyPass.exe` inside it.

```

> After un-compressing  the challenge file `Find The Easy Pass.zip`a we can find
> a file named `EasyPass.exe` inside it.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After un-compressing  the challenge file `Find The Easy Pass.zip`, we can find
a file named `EasyPass.exe` inside it.

```

We using `rz-bin` to identify the executable file.

```bash
C:\Users\User\Desktop\htb>rz-bin -I EasyPass.exe
arch     x86
baddr    0x400000
binsz    402432
bintype  pe
bits     32
canary   false
retguard false
class    PE32
cmp.csum 0x00063785
compiled Fri Jun 19 15:22:17 1992
crypto   false
endian   little
havecode true
hdr.csum 0x00000000
laddr    0x0
lang     c
linenum  true
lsyms    true
machine  i386
maxopsz  16
minopsz  1
nx       false
os       windows
overlay  false
cc       cdecl
pcalign  0
pic      false
relocs   false
signed   false
sanitiz  false
static   false
stripped false
subsys   Windows GUI
va       true
```

That's interesting, `EasyPass.exe` is an x86 program, it's a GUI program.

> 
> Now, we will run the program to have some clues.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Now, we will run the program to have some better idea on what it's doing.

```

![identification-run-program](./img/identification-00.PNG)

We click on the **Check Password**

![identification-error-message-printed](./img/identification-01.PNG)

> 
> It's interesting, we search **Wrong Password!** in the executable.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Interesting, let's search for **Wrong Password!** in the executable.

```
